I'm gonna catch this one
we're looking for with spiders
tonight because they have a
remarkable navigational
abilities
yeah you got they come back each
night faithfully the same little
refuge site this large tree that
you're seeing a little bit of
hair but if you don't get it
they usually disappear into the
tree services and that animals
lost a nice very aggressive they
can draw blood and you've got a
tough at once you have you know
we're not going to drop it
because its attention
take this animal right now all
we do is use superglue and we're
going to put this radio
transmitter on
take about 10 meters away to
place it's never been to before
see how successful is navigated
back to the tree where we found
generally see them progressively
we close with the country /
series of days the guy that was
away 10 meters away it's pretty
much exactly the fence after we
captured it
that's pretty remarkable becomes
reminiscent of the kinds of
things that homing pigeons do
sea turtles do what sensory
information or the user smelling
their way back are they seeing
their way back with their
hearing their way back so for
some of the animals that we
captured will cover the tips of
their antennae phone legs with
nail polish
yeah
the question is do you get back
they can't implies that smell
and touch information is crucial
for these animals figure out how
they're going to get their way
back home it's really really
exciting to look at how to kind
of navigation system can involve
with a relatively simple nervous
system of these guys that the
big guy right